feat: add module for vsi creation on existing vpc (#529)
terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-landing-zone-vsi: extension/landing-zone/README.md

# VSI add-on for landing-zone

> A module creating a VSI in an existing landing zone VPC.

Reviewer: I wonder if module is the correct word here. It is more of a solution. Technically it is a deployable architectre extension - @SirSpidey any suggestions?

## Infrastructure

> This module creates and configures the following infrastructure:

Reviewer: Same as https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-landing-zone-vsi/pull/529/files#r1325592303 around the use of the word "module"

- A new resource group if one is not passed in.
- A new public SSH key if one is not passed in.
- A VSI in each subnet of the landing zone VPC.

## Usage

> Here is an example creating a VSI in a VPC with id `r018-dd5f14c5-2211-43c8-85d9-71b6d051de51` (replace with the id of the landing-zone VPC).

Author: Skipping the usage part as per Conall's suggestion.

> Note: the users must already be member of the IBM Cloud account.

Author: Skipping the usage part as per Conall's suggestion.

```console
terraform init
export TF_VAR_ibmcloud_api_key=<your IBM Cloud API Key> # pragma: allowlist secret
terraform plan -var=region=eu-gb -var=vpc_id=r018-dd5f14c5-2211-43c8-85d9-71b6d051de51 -var=existing_kms_instance_guid=9549bd7c-a6d7-2875-8f4c-d2ef97b5483d -var=boot_volume_encryption_key=<key-crn>
terraform apply -var=region=eu-gb -var=vpc_id=r018-dd5f14c5-2211-43c8-85d9-71b6d051de51 -var=existing_kms_instance_guid=9549bd7c-a6d7-2875-8f4c-d2ef97b5483d -var=boot_volume_encryption_key=<key-crn>

> ```

Reviewer: When this is imported to catalog, the readme will be shown. So it doesn't make sense to include plain terraform commands here. You will notice none of of SLZ DA readme (in the patterns folder) have any usage because of this

# Add a VSI to a landing zone VPC

This logic creates a VSI to an existing landing zone VPC.

## Infrastructure

This code creates and configures the following infrastructure:

> - A new public SSH key, if one is not passed in.

Reviewer: It doesn't create a new public SSH key. It supports adding a key, or using an existing one

> 
> ## Infrastructure
> 
> This code creates and configures the following infrastructure:
> - Add SSH key to IBM Cloud, or using an existing one.
> - A VSI in each subnet of the landing zone VPC.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

This code creates and configures the following infrastructure:
- Adds an SSH key to IBM Cloud or uses an existing one.
- Adds a VSI in each subnet of the landing zone VPC.
```
